to be able
Welcome to the championship of Spain
ground rallies and rallies
off-road vehicle welcome to the summary of
what happened this past end of
week in the fifth lowlands of the cid
specifically in the town of lerma
we will see shortly what has happened but
I already anticipate that we have
new champion of the championship of spain
of land rallies has been
precisely here in this test in the
sixth in a few moments as we said
We see pictures of the area
assistance from the paddock area
pilots surpassing the pertinent
technical and administrative reviews
heating engines to start the
sixth round of this championship
Spain of land rallies and everything
ground
and let's see in action first of all
the great protagonist xevi pons also
next to xavi friend goes on board his
mitsubishi lancer evo 10 a xavi pons
whose domain of this championship
ground rally in 2012 has been
absolutely overwhelming as it has
achieved all the victories full of
victories in this 2012
as we said is the sixth has also
got the victory with a time
total of one hour increased 24 seconds and
therefore they achieve victory
reedit the title that he already got in the
2008 year after results for xevi pons
in action rubén grace with his
co-pilot diego sanjuán in his ford focus
world rally cars a rubén gracia that has
achieved with this second position its
better result so far this year
the only thing that drives a car the
world as we see what this gives
championship and each rally then a touch
of special interest, very good result
for the Madrid-born and the also from Madrid
strong óscar whom we see in action
next to lucas cruz aboard his
mitsubishi lancer evo defended title
was the champion last year an oscar
photos that ended
the position this rally low land of
pib has to fight for the second
put together with albert llovera and ramón
ferreyros will see if he is able to achieve
the runner-up in this 2012 edition
precisely the Andorran albert llovera
along with álex haro in his big fiat
point they have finished in fourth position
a time of one hour seven minutes 51
seconds to little more than 6 minutes from
champion of terry pons and xavi active
as we said we also have options for
his championship although everything will depend on
how do you do it in the last date at the end
of the next month of October
and finally we see in your ford party
Ramón Ferreyros with Diego Vallejo
they finished in fifth position in this
sixth championship of spain
of land rallies should be noted
also the abandonment by mechanical breakdown
de pedro by the general head xevi
pons 310 champion points already of this
championship followed by heavy rains
ferreyros and rubén gracia
joy more justified for xavi
pons for the Catalan who
then we listen
Well the truth is that it has gone very well
it's been a complicated rally there was a lot
dust there was not much grip but we have
could win the rally and win the
championship was the goal of this year
Although it seems easy, it has not been easy
the first ones have made it difficult for us
races were and ferreyros that have
tight tight and nothing at the end objective
fulfilled and very happy
Well let's see what happened
regarding the all-terrain category
let's remember a journey with 600
kilometers where stop for these cars
plus a prologue test on Friday that
determined the order of departure for the
Saturday in earth rallies the distance
of 140 kilometers divided into four
stretches we see in action the champion to
michelle drone barrier next to didier
that
a michel turón that taking advantage of
qualities of your buggy in the zones
fast he did a race of less than
more started a 'red racing car' then it was
toning up to get this unpublished
and meritorious of course first
position here in lerma
in images josé zaragoza with joseph
lópez in his bowling nemesis josé zaragoza
that thanks to this second position watched
that Antonio Lopez was fifth will fight for
the championship in the last test yet
There are options for victory for Jose
zaragoza separate only 32 points
to the two pilots therefore the
emotion is served zaragoza finished
little more than five minutes of French
michel turón
in action the Spaniards rafael churches
and roberto palaces on board their
ssangyong the two are burgaleses so
that then we could say that
they knew the area well they had not
participated in other tests of
championship and to know the area apart
of their good driving they got
finish in third position in this
sixth round of the championship of Spain
ground rally
and another Frenchman who also had his
important degree of prominence in this
proof was françois lurton point with
million martino aboard his cd fouquet
ship the same vehicle that issued the
natural and that is in fifth position
they finished the French there are
highlight also that in the kobe challenge
the 13 registered vehicles have
enjoyed in this in this rally of the
more than 100 kilometers of track between
read and change
and finally we see in action antonio
lópez before we said that it is part in the
quinielas as one of the main
favorites not to mention the main
favorite to take this year the
victoria antonio lopez and alberto
carter in his toyota tonka tanka one
of the most characteristic cars since
championship and frank of a fifth
position we must also highlight the
abandonments of francesc térmens
Albert Casanovas and Alberto Dorsch
Along with Carlos Bravo, there is also
highlight in this test in lerma the
presence of isidra this goes here you
we see in action the Catalan on board his
polaris and with its smart cushion that
Allows you comfortable driving through
so delighted with khedira is that the
can compete again and of course
at the highest level we wish you much
luck in the next competitions that
dispute
general classification of the radio
all-terrain antonio lopez followed by
zaragoza térmens fennel and doors la
emotion is served in the last test
that remains to be disputed we listen to the
French
well it was a very good test
very longo but very I have a vehicle
very good for this this
in boroughs and you will be at 44 times
that I come
is very good
it's a good good test
congratulations to the champions
remember the last appointment will be on 21
October in Calamocha in Teruel in the
rally comarca del jiloca hopefully
have enjoyed this test until the
next
Y